>> Bianca Gandolfo: Really quickly.
There are different types of trees.
Are there different types of
orders that I kind of have been alluding
to we haven't explicitly talked about yet.
So we have pre order,
in order in post order.
And I don't think it really matters that
you memorize which ones which and why.
I don't think like the people are going
to be like, traverse a tree post order.
You just need to understand like how to
switch between these depending on
the problem that you're solving.
So let's just look at it.
So a lot of it has to do
with where you traverse.
If you traverse first,
or do the work, right?
Whether that's the console.log or
whatever it is you may be doing.
So for this one,
it will go through all of the left,
then the root, and then all of the right.
This one is the one that we've been
working with where we do work on the root
first, and then we do left,
and then we do right.
And this one is the opposite of
that where you go to the left.
Then you go to the right, and
then you do work on the root.